Add ability for terraform-provider to use delegated token authentication (#3051)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/index.md

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) (Required unless validate is false) Datadog API key. This can also be set via the DD_API_KEY environment variable.
- `api_url` (String) The API URL. This can also be set via the DD_HOST environment variable, and defaults to `https://api.datadoghq.com`. Note that this URL must not end with the `/api/` path. For example, `https://api.datadoghq.com/` is a correct value, while `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/` is not. And if you're working with "EU" version of Datadog, use `https://api.datadoghq.eu/`. Other Datadog region examples: `https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/`, `https://api.us3.datadoghq.com/` and `https://api.ddog-gov.com/`. See https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/ for all available regions.
- `app_key` (String, Sensitive) (Required unless validate is false) Datadog APP key. This can also be set via the DD_APP_KEY environment variable.

> - `aws_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID. This can also be set via the AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID. This can also be set using the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
```

> - `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key. This can also be set via the AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key. This can also be set using the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
```

> - `aws_session_token` (String, Sensitive) The AWS session token. This can also be set via the AWS_SESSION_TOKEN environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws` and using temporary credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_session_token` (String, Sensitive) The AWS session token. This can also be set using the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws` and using temporary credentials.
```

> - `cloud_provider_region` (String) The cloud provider region specifier. Ex `us-east-1` for AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cloud_provider_region` (String) The cloud provider region specifier. For example, `us-east-1` for AWS.
```

> - `cloud_provider_type` (String) The cloud provider type. Valid values are [`aws`]. We will add support for more cloud providers in the future.

Reviewer: We can't add comments about what will be provided in the future because that's considered commenting on our stock..

```suggestion
- `cloud_provider_type` (String) The cloud provider type. Valid values are [`aws`].
```

> - `aws_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID; used for cloud provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
> - `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key; used for cloud provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
> - `aws_session_token` (String, Sensitive) The AWS session token; used for cloud provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws` and using temporary credentials.
> - `cloud_provider_region` (String) The cloud provider region specifier; used for cloud provider-based authentication. For example, `us-east-1` for AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key ID; used for cloud-provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key; used for cloud-provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws`.
- `aws_session_token` (String, Sensitive) The AWS session token; used for cloud-provider-based authentication. This can also be set using the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variable. Required when using `cloud_provider_type` set to `aws` and using temporary credentials.
- `cloud_provider_region` (String) The cloud provider region specifier; used for cloud-provider-based authentication. For example, `us-east-1` for AWS.
```

> - `cloud_provider_type` (String) Specifies the cloud provider used for cloud provider-based authentication, enabling keyless access without API or app keys. Currently, only [aws] is supported. This is a preview feature. If you'd like to enable it for your organization, please contact support at support@datadoghq.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cloud_provider_type` (String) Specifies the cloud provider used for cloud-provider-based authentication, enabling keyless access without API or app keys. Only [aws] is supported. This feature is in Preview. If you'd like to enable it for your organization, contact [support](https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/).
```

- `default_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) [Experimental - Logs Pipelines, Monitors Security Monitoring Rules, and Service Level Objectives only] Configuration block containing settings to apply default resource tags across all resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_tags))
- `http_client_retry_backoff_base` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off base. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_backoff_multiplier` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off multiplier. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_enabled` (String) Enables request retries on HTTP status codes 429 and 5xx. Valid values are [`true`, `false`]. Defaults to `true`.
- `http_client_retry_max_retries` (Number) The HTTP request maximum retry number. Defaults to 3.
- `http_client_retry_timeout` (Number) The HTTP request retry timeout period. Defaults to 60 seconds.

> - `org_uuid` (String) The organization UUID. Please refer to the [Datadog API documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/v1/organizations/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `org_uuid` (String) The organization UUID. See the [Datadog API documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/v1/organizations/) for more information.
```
